Updated Board Page (#109)
InnerSourceCommons/innersourcecommons.org: content/about/board/_index.md

{{< /board-member >}}

{{< board-member name="Russel Rutledge" title="Secretary" image="/images/about/Russel_Rutledge.jpg" >}}
Russ Rutledge is the Director of Community and InnerSource at Nike. This startup within the company guides the process and tools to encourage and foster cross-team and community interaction and development. Russ`s drive and passion is to enable all software engineers to achieve incredible technical and business throughput via quality tooling and streamlined work process. Previously, he ran another successful startup delivering JavaScript continuous delivery solutions to hundreds of projects throughout Nike. Prior to Nike, Russ began his career with feature and infrastructure development on the Outlook and OneDrive consumer websites at Microsoft.
{{< /board-member >}}

{{< board-member name="Johannes Tigges" title="Assistant Secretary" image="/images/about/Johannes_Tigges.png" style="bg-light">}}

> Johannes is a co-creator of the InnerSource Commons Learning Path and has worked on introducing InnerSource to HERE Technologies, a leading digital map and location company. Currently he offers consulting on topics around open collaboration, automation, and everything open. He also works as a lecturer and delivers technical training. He presents his work and thoughts at industry conferences like the FOSDEM or the InnerSource Commons Summit and has been active in Open Source communities for a long time. With a background in both computer science and sociology of organization he has a unique perspective on software engineering organizations. In past roles, he has worked on introducing Continuous Integration and Delivery to large research institutions, in DevOps roles for very large cloud based platforms and developed software within the Telco domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Johannes is a co-creator of the InnerSource Commons Learning Path and has worked on introducing InnerSource to HERE Technologies, a leading digital map and location company. Currently he offers coaching and consulting on Engineering Productivity, Open Source and InnerSource Strategy and OSPO topics as well as cloud solution architecture. He also works as a lecturer and delivers technical training on the topics mentioned above. He presents his work and thoughts at industry conferences like the FOSDEM or the InnerSource Commons Summit and has been active in Open Source communities for a long time. With a background in both computer science and sociology of organizations he has a unique perspective on software engineering organizations. In past roles, he has also worked on introducing Continuous Integration and Delivery to large research institutions, in DevOps roles for very large cloud based platforms and developed software within the Telco domain.
```
